=head1 NAME

ymerge - An AUR Helper and Source-Based Package Manager for Arch Linux.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

I<ymerge> [OPTIONS...] [PACKAGES...]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

ymerge is a package manager for Arch Linux that installs extra packages from
source by using PKGBUILD package recipes. These recipes are either obtained from
the Arch User Repository or from a dedicated git repository hosted on github:
https://github.com/flying-dude/curated-aur

=over 4

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Print a help page text and exit.

=item B<-v>, B<--version>

Print which version of ymerge is installed on your computer.

=back

=head1 SHELL BEHAVIOUR

=over 4

=item B<--ask>

Override "--yes" to re-enable asking for confirmation before installing. Default is to
always "--ask", if neither flag is specified.

=item B<--nocolor>

Turn off colored output.

=item B<-p>, B<--pretend>

Only list what would be done without actually compiling or installing anything.
This will not prompt for confirm but exit instead with return 0.

=item B<-q>, B<--quiet>

Minimize output.

=item B<--verbose>

Increase verbosity of output. Prints more information.

=item B<-y>, B<--yes>

Skip confirmation dialogs during execution and pick default answers
automatically. Non-interactive usage suitable for shell scripting.

=back

=head1 PACKAGE OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<--makepkg>

Create the package archive and put into custom local repository but do not
install with pacman.

=item B<-r>, B<--remove>

Remove (uninstall) specified packages, instead of installing them.

=item B<--srcinfo>

Only print SRCINFO but do not build.

=item B<-s>, B<--sync>

Update local package database.

=item B<-u>, B<--update>

Update specified packages. Empty package list will update all packages.
(FUTURE) This feature is not yet implemented.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

flying-dude E<lt>dude@flyspace.devE<gt>
